- Cool.
- Here we go.
- Let's do it.
- Hi.
It's Selena.
I have learned
so much about cooking
the past two seasons.
But I still have
so much to learn,
which is why I'm continuing
my lessons
with some of the best chefs
all over the country.
Oh, that sucked.
Hang on.
- There you go.
[doorbell chimes]
- Will you guys get
the groceries, please?
- Yeah.
- Yes.
- Ohh. Hi.
- How y'all doing?
- Good.
- Hello.
- What's your name?
- I'm Nick.
- Raquelle. Nice to meet you.
- Raquelle.
Lovely to meet you.
- We're actually--
we're having A--
we're having
a game night later.
- Oh, yeah?
- Yeah.
- I love games.
- Raquelle, we have
to do the show.
- Ugh, I always forget
to shut the door.
So crazy.
Theresa just left me for dead.
- Was he cute?
- He was really cute.
I invited him to game night.
- Why? Don't--
I don't understand
why you keep inviting people
to my home.
- Chill. Trying to make things
happen for myself, you know.
- Okay, We have grape tomatoes.
What's this again?
- Rosemary. Yeah.
- I don't know what's gonna
happen but let's figure it out.
- Let's do it.
- Selena and Fabio.
Take one.
Okay, let's try and dial it in.
- Whoo.
- ♪ Oh I'm trying,
I'm trying ♪
♪ I'm trying,
I'm trying, I'm trying ♪
♪ Oh trying,
♪ My feelings on fire ♪
Fabio.
- Hi, hon.
- Perfect, it's so nice
to meet you virtually.
- It's nice meeting
you virtually.
- Today I am joined
by Chef Fabio Viviani.
He's been a fan favorite on
multiple culinary competitions.
But more than that he is also
an author, restaurant owner,
host and an ambassador
of Italian cuisine.
I can't wait to see
what we're cooking up.
These are my best friends,
Theresa and--
- Hi.
- Raquelle.
- Sorry.
- You forgot my name.
- No, I didn't.
- Hi, Raquelle. Hi, Theresa.
- Hi.
- They're good, right?
But why am I talking for you?
- It's so nice to meet you.
I'm from Chicago.
So I am very happy
to be cooking with you today.
- Yeah. Will you tell us
what we're doing?
- Yes, we are.
Tonight, I'm gonna teach you
how to make
my classic pan pizza
and rosemary focaccia
with ham, arugula,
and we're gonna make
tomato jam
and burrata
with toasted bread.
It's the ultimate carb fest
for game night.
- Whoo!
- That sounds amazing.
I mean, forget the diet
I'm on, but yeah.
- Hey, you know, it's--
who's counting?
- [laughs]
- So the first things we do
which is the things
that takes a little longer,
we have to make
the actual dough.
So we're gonna make dough
from scratch.
- Oh, boy.
- Ooh. Okay.
- Do me a favor.
Pre-heat your oven to 475.
- Okay.
- Find your stand-up mixer.
- Is that the pink thing?
- Yeah.
- With a paddle attachment.
- It's heavy.
- Oh.
- I like the pink color on it.
- Isn't it cute?
- Adorable I would say.
Very cute.
Do you have
a paddle attachment?
- Okay.
- The one on your left hand.
Yeah, kind of stick it in
and then you flip it,
so it's secure, right?
- Yes.
- Whoa.
- But you wanna--
yeah, be careful
because it's very heavy.
- On the side?
- Yeah. Is that on?
- Perfect.
[clatters loudly]
Is that plugged in?
- No.
Oh, man.
- It's gonna take a lot
less time if we plug it in
to make the dough
with electricity there.
- Makes sense.
- I'm just not coordinated.
- We like to watch
the struggle.
- You're doing great.
- She got it plugged in.
- Okay.
- We're in business.
- Fantastic.
There is two lever.
One locks it, one turns it on.
See, that didn't work.
- It fell off.
- I'm sorry.
- One of the two black lever
is gonna lock the head.
You gotta
move it forward, I think.
- Oh, that's why.
- Hey.
- Now it's locked.
- Whoo.
Do you have a cup
just like this?
- Yes.
- What we need right now
is about a cup
and a half of water.
Faucet water is perfect.
I mean, I grew up drinking
from a hose anyway so.
- God, I hope this is right.
- I sent you yeast.
Yeast is the key
for great pizza making.
Its right in front of you,
I see it from here.
If you extend your left hand
I'll guide you to it.
Further out, further out,
further out, further out.
Further out, further--
- No.
- No, that's bread.
- Not the parmesan.
- Right, right there.
Right there.
[cheering]
There you go.
All right.
So get two of those.
Yeast is one of the key
ingredient for it.
- Hang on. I accidentally
dropped some yeast.
- The yeast has gotta be
in the water to work.
The cou--the counter
is not gonna work well.
- There it goes on the floor.
Bye-bye yeast.
- Get like this, look.
Get the yeast in the water.
Two little packages, okay?
Look at that.
Now you got a tablespoon
of sugar in the water
to activate the yeast.
- One tables--
that's not right.
- Trust me, get a soup spoon.
Measuring is for beginner.
We're, like, seasoned veterans
of pizza dough here.
- Okay.
- Just get a tablespoon
of sugar into the yeast water.
- Got it.
- Now, with
the very same spoon,
stir it like this.
- Why does it look like
you have more than us?
- Because mine is smaller.
You have a Chipmunk's
bathtub there
instead of a measuring cup.
- Got it.
- Ah.
- We gotta set this aside
for about five minutes.
Do you got flour there?
- Yes, I do.
Okay.
- Open it.
- Oh.
- You can open the flour.
Please. I feel so bossy today.
- It's okay.
- We love it.
- We don't know
what we're doing, so...
- Nope.
- All right, get another
soup spoon for yourself.
And I--and I wanna--I wanna
show you something.
America sells a bunch of crap
that nobody needs.
All you need in Italy
is a spoon.
They're spoons, all right?
So this is
an Italian tablespoon.
You just stick
the spoon in and just lift.
Whatever comes up
is an Italian tablespoon.
There you go.
Now, you're gonna get
eight Italian tablespoon
in a little side container
like this.
- Eight?
- Eight of those.
- Get your--
get your olive oil.
You need good,
good tasting olive oil.
Do you like olive oil?
Extra virgin olive oil?
Are you familiar with them?
- I love olive oil.
- You know, I take--
I take shots
of olive oil all the time.
- What?
- Such a chef.
- You think I'm kidding.
- No, don't do it.
Oh, my gosh.
- Should we take a shot?
- Yeah,
you have to do it too.
- If you're doing it,
I feel like we should do it.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, you can have
a tablespoon if you want to.
- Thanks for signing us
up for that.
- Olive oil has property that
cleans your veins, your organs.
And it's amazing.
Your skin is gonna glow,
your hair is gonna get softer.
This is like
the fountain of youth.
- You sold me.
- This is not to be savored.
This is not a fine whiskey
or a gin.
You need to just can it,
like, bottoms up.
- Cheers.
- [singing in Italian]
♪ ♪
- Whoa.
- Done.
- Oh, oh, it's weird.
- Eh!
That was weird.
- I totally
got away with that.
- That's why they're not
selling these in clubs.
- Imagine we're in the club
downing olive oil,
we're like, "Whoo-hoo!"
- It will be a lot of healthier
people, I'll tell you that.
Anyway, all right, so now
you get your yeast water.
All right, get this into
the bowl like this.
All of it.
- Got it.
- Perfect.
Now, you're gonna dump
all this flour into the water.
Now, you lock it
and you turn it on.
Slow, not too fast
'cause you're gonna repaint
your kitchen with flour.
Perfect.
With pizza dough
we are trying
to find consistency
almost like Play-Doh.
- It's thick, babe.
- Yeah.
- What kind of music
do you like?
- I'm an old bird
when it comes down to music.
I do a lot of
Italian classic music
and a lot of
Italian rock music.
So I literally
go from Bocelli...
- Ooh!
- ...to Pavarotti,
to Vasco Rossi
and Litfiba.
- What's the one we know?
- Pavarotti makes me cry.
"Oje Vita Mia."
both: ♪ Oje vita ♪
♪ Oje vita mia ♪
- He's like, "Please stop."
- ♪ Oje core 'e chistu core ♪
♪ Si' stata
'o primmo ammore ♪
- We love "Oje Vita Mia."
- Now the dough is dry,
all right?
Can you touch it now?
Does it still stick?
- No.
- Perfect.
All right.
Now, you wanna get a bowl,
something like this.
- Okay.
- Like, a little glass bowl
or metal bowl.
- This?
- That is perfect.
- Okay.
- And now the goal is to get
the dough in the bowl there.
- It's messy time.
- Yeah, you know what?
I think it's time
for some help.
- What?
- [chuckles mischievously]
- Oh, wow, it really does
feel like Play-Doh.
- So you have this
in the bowl, correct?
- Yes.
- Now what we do,
we cover it with plastic.
You have, like, plastic wrap?
Plastic wrap too?
- Oh, my gosh,
I hate this stuff.
- So look.
You just cover it with plastic.
And what you do with this--
- Hang on.
Okay. Okay. Wait.
- She's totally talking
to herself.
- Oh yeah.
- Sorry.
- Oh, my God.
- You can use a knife--
- Wait.
What the hell?
- It's making me mad.
- It's cause you're doing--
wait.
What?
- Try with a--
try with a chainsaw.
- We're good. We're good.
We're good.
- See, you get it aligned.
Okay, got it.
- I'll tell you what though,
that's a strong
plastic wrap there, damn.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- All right,
so now this dough
is gonna rest on your
kitchen counter overnight.
- Oh.
- So we are off
the hook till tomorrow.
And then once the dough
is ready,
we can shape that
and we can make pizza.
- Amazing.
- Well, we can't do that,
right?
- What do you mean?
- We can't
go to sleep right now.
- Well, we're not
going to sleep.
It's like--by me it's, like,
3:00 in the afternoon.
It's, like, what, 1:00 by you?
- I don't know. I don't--
Maybe I just need coffee.
- [laughs]
- I'm kidding.
The dough will have to proof
overnight to be able to use it.
But I sent you
the premade pizza dough.
- Ooh.
- Ooh, you are a legend.
- So open that.
- Oh, it's way
prettier than ours.
- Wow, stunning.
- Perfect.
Ours would have
never looked like that.
- It looks like an ass.
- Oh, my God.
- Wait, wait, wait.
Inappropriate over here.
- It's perfect.
- It's not focusing.
- Wait.
- Oh, my gosh.
Sorry Fabio for being--
- No, no, no.
It's perfect.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Okay, sorry.
- Do you have a pan
like this?
Like, an oven pan.
That's non-stick, right?
- Yes.
- Perfect.
All right.
So what I want you to do,
I want you to get
a little bit of olive oil
and put about a tablespoon
on the pan.
That's perfect.
Spread the olive oil
around to cover
all the bottom of the pan.
- Okay.
- So now get one of
the pizza ball
and put it
in the middle of the pan.
- Okay.
- Then you can get
a touch of olive oil
on top of the pizza dough.
And that will help you
to press it down
without getting your fingers
sticking to it.
- Okay.
- Now, press it down
like this like I did.
- She's loving it.
- This is gonna be
for the focaccia.
So let's get ready
for the topping
that we're gonna do
for the focaccia.
In the fresh herbs I sent you
there is a bunch of rosemary.
- Smells amazing.
- The best way to peel
the rosemary is to hold the top
and slide your finger
through it like this.
[whistles]
- Oh, my God.
- Okay, I think we--
I think I did it.
- You got it.
Yeah, that's plenty,
plenty of rosemary.
- Good job.
- That's perfect.
Now, put the rosemary
to cover
as much of the focaccia
as you can.
- Oh, yummy.
- That's good. That is good.
All right.
So now get the olive oil
that we all love.
Give it a good drizzle
on top of your pizza.
All right?
- Nice.
- Now, let's get the salt.
Get the flaky salt.
Don't go too light on it.
- She's going wild.
- Perfect.
Fantastic.
Gonna throw a little
pepper on it.
- Okay.
- And that's it.
- Oh, my gosh,
this looks so good.
- I know, yum.
- All right. So now we're
gonna stick that in the oven
and put it on the higher rack
if you can.
- Yes. Whoo.
- Now that we have to wait
for the focaccia to cook,
let's make fresh
cherry tomato jam...
- Ooh.
- Whoo!
- ...that is gonna pair
with our burrata appetizer.
- Amazing.
- You're good with that?
- Hell yeah.
- A few things
I would like you
to have ready to roll
on your counter.
Cherry tomato, garlic,
brown sugar and honey.
And then you're gonna get
five or six cloves of garlic.
- Yummy.
- One other thing you're
gonna need is a pan.
Do you have anything less tall,
more like a sauté pan for you?
No.
- Oh, my God. Or this?
- Ahh!
- Look at that.
- Whoo!
- That's the one.
Perfect.
- All right.
So now you're gonna have
your sauté pan
with low fire underneath.
- Okay.
- Get at least
25, 30 cherry tomato
and literally just
cut them in half.
[laughter]
- It fell.
One down.
Are we counting how many?
- We need to sharpen
these knives.
- I know.
- So do you wanna hear
a funny story?
- Yes, I do.
- So I'm 13 years old.
I got a job at a butcher shop
on a weekend.
I had a knife
just about like that.
Big knife, right?
- Yeah.
- Big knife.
I used to work from midnight
till 7:00 in the morning.
Middle of the night
I'm the only kid in the shop.
I have a headset.
I have heavy metal music,
and I'm there butchering
chicken banging things
with heavy metal.
And I look down and
my entire pinky was about
two and a half feet
away from me on the table.
- No!
- Oh, my gosh.
- So I went down and I just
cut a slice through it.
- Ugh.
- And I don't know
if you can see but I had,
like, few surgery.
They reattached it back.
I just--you know,
it's great now.
But it was gone.
It was gone.
- Oh, my God.
- So I had my share
of kitchen accidents, trust me.
All right,
so what you wanna do,
add about two tablespoon
of olive oil in the pan.
Get the fire on medium.
And now add all the tomato
in the pan.
- Okay.
- Good pinch of salt
in the tomato.
And a good pinch of pepper.
Fantastic.
- Yay.
- All right.
So now the tomato
is cooking, right?
Can you hear the sizzle?
- Yes, I can.
- Get a knife.
And you wanna smash the garlic
with the side of the knife.
- All right.
- Perfect.
All right, so now the garlic
goes into the tomato.
- Yes. I love garlic.
- See now one nice soup spoon
of honey and put that in.
Fantastic.
Now we're gonna add
almost a tablespoon of sugar.
- This is gonna be so good.
- Perfect. That's it.
All right.
So now with the spoon, stir.
- Oh, my God, what happened?
- What happened?
Are you all right?
- Nothing,
I was really dramatic.
- It's okay, we got the yeast
in the brown sugar
on the floor.
If you put some water
and flour, you get focaccia.
All right, so now get
a little wooden spoon.
In America, wooden spoons
are cooking tools.
It's just a tool.
How I grew up, this is a mood
adjustment device.
Growing up with an Italian mom,
every time she had this
in her hand
everybody freezes in my family.
'Cause you know
that you misbehave,
you get whacked with a wooden
spoon in Italy.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Grandmothers and
wooden spoon in Italy,
is like guns and tequilas.
They should never be
in the same room.
- So funny.
- All right, so get the spoon
and stir the tomato
and trying to incorporate
the honey with the rest
of what you got
in the pan there.
Make sure
it's nicely incorporated.
Exactly. Perfect.
Let's turn it off.
And tomato jam, its ready.
We just have to let it
cool down a little bit.
Okay?
- Okay.
- So what do you do for that?
You put tomato jam into a bowl.
And you use a spoon
and you just put that in.
Perfect.
- Oh, it's hot.
- Here, I'll do it.
Just get out of my way.
- It was on the stove.
- As you can see, Selena,
my focaccia is ready.
What we are trying to do, we
are trying to get your focaccia
to look like
a nice brown on the top.
- Okay.
Oh.
Ooh, it's hot.
- Look at that.
- Yeah? Did I do it?
- You did it, babe.
That's phenomenal.
- Whoo!
- Oh, yay. Is it--
- Look at that focaccia!
- Oh!
- Well, that's--that just got
out of the oven,
and you got oil on it, Selena.
- That was stupid.
I'm so sorry.
- Why you guys
wanna keep slapping it?
You did it
with the raw dough.
- I know, I know.
- It's like--
- Come on.
- So just set this to the side?
- Yeah,
set that to the side.
All right, what we gotta
do now, we have to build.
So the classic pizza, the
tomato mozzarella basil pizza.
So please do the same, right?
You gotta get another non-stick
tray, olive oil underneath.
Same exact things.
The only difference is that
in this case I really, really,
really need you to beat
the life out of that pizza.
You gotta flat that
as much as possible.
[rock music]
- Ow, I actually hurt myself.
- Gotta be careful.
- Yeah, just flat the thing.
Make a pancake out of it.
♪ ♪
- Wow, look at our nails.
- Can we get the nails?
- Wow.
- Now, let's get
the canned tomato.
- Okay.
It's crushed.
- It's crushed already?
That's fantastic.
Do you have something
that looks like this?
Like a micro plane?
- Yes, I do.
- Fantastic.
- I'm getting good at this.
- All right, so we're gonna
open the tomato now.
Get the tomato
inside the bowl.
Perfect.
Now, you're gonna get
a garlic cloves.
It's okay.
- Okay.
- Then you a garlic cloves,
you get the micro plane,
and you shave the little garlic
into the tomato sauce.
- The whole thing?
- Like one or two.
Exactly. Exactly what
you're doing there.
That's perfect.
Tomato, garlic
is there, right?
- Yes.
- Pinch of salt.
Good pinch of pepper.
And now get some basil.
And we break
some basil leaves inside,
just torn them
with your hands.
All right,
just mix it together.
Got it?
All right.
So now, with the help
of a larger spoon
we're gonna add a good amount
of tomatoes.
Full spoon.
- Beautiful.
Wow.
- Hello.
- Got it?
- Do you want me to spread
that around now?
- So Selena,
what you wanna do now,
with the tip of a spoon,
try to only leave about an inch
of white dough untouched
with the tomato on the edges.
Selena, I'm proud of you.
You're doing fantastic.
- Thank you.
- Me too. So proud.
- Now, let's get some cheese.
- Yes.
- Fresh mozzarella.
- The best part.
- So what you're gonna do,
you're gonna do like I do.
You're gonna get the bowl
and you're gonna rip
with your hand
the little pieces,
and you're gonna put it
all over your pizza.
- Okay.
- Oh, there's nothing
like fresh mozzarella, so nice.
- Thanks, grandma.
[laughter]
- All right, so now let's get
drizzle some olive oil around.
- Okay.
- How good this pizza
look already?
Look at that!
- It's so--it looks so good.
- I'm so excited.
- Literally it looks gorgeous.
Let's pop it in the oven.
- Okay.
Okay, it's in.
- Whoo.
- All right.
So now, put the focaccia
on the counter.
You're gonna drizzle the
top part with more olive oil.
- Okay.
- Then we're gonna get
some arugula.
- Got it.
- Then you're gonna
grab also the ham.
You're gonna get the piece
of parmesan cheese
that I sent you.
- This is amazing already.
- All right.
So you got everything
in front of you?
- Yes, I do.
- Fantastic.
I got some arugula.
And I'm gonna put some arugula
on top of the focaccia.
- Okay.
- That looks fantastic.
Then, what do we do?
We're gonna get one
little slice of ham a time,
and we're gonna place the ham
gracefully on the focaccia.
Now, don't place them just,
like, flat like that.
- Okay.
- Fluff it.
Fluff it
a little bit like this.
You want a little texture
on the ham.
Beautiful.
Now you're gonna get
the micro plane.
You're gonna get the parmesan,
and you're gonna make it rain.
- Make it rain.
- ♪ Look so good yeah,
look so sweet ♪
- And when I say make it rain,
I don't mean California rain.
I mean, Florida monsoon rain.
- Ooh!
- Ahh.
- Look at that.
Whoo-hoo!
Look at that.
- That's right.
I made it rain.
- Outstanding.
Outstanding.
- Whoo!
- Now, what we do,
we need a good sprinkle
of salt on top.
And little bit more
of olive oil.
- I'm so excited about this.
- So now you're gonna need
another sauté pan like this.
- Okay, got it.
- Get it on the stove and turn
the fire on on medium, please.
- Okay. I feel like I'm getting
an A-plus tonight.
- You are.
- Now, get your two piece of
boring white bread
and drizzle a little bit
of oil on top, please.
Now you can put the bread
in the pan to make it
a little crispy, okay?
So now what
you need to do,
you need to get the burrata
cheese out of the container.
- Okay.
- Beautiful.
You get the toast on a plate.
My husband better
be thankful one day.
[laughter]
- Say that again?
- I said my husband
better be thankful for me.
- All these cooking skills.
- He should be.
And I'll tell you what,
pick one that can cook.
It's a lot easier.
- You're right.
You have a few friends for me?
- I got some Italian folks,
but I wouldn't suggest
an Italian
to anybody aside my wife,
to be honest with you.
[laughter]
So now get the tomato jam.
And let's place
a generous amount of tomato
on top of the bread.
Like that.
- Oh.
- Yum, yum, yum.
- With the same spoon,
we're gonna get half of burrata
per piece of bread.
That looks fantastic, Selena.
- Yum.
- So now get few
leaves of basil.
Keep 'em whole.
Just kinda display them
on top of the burrata.
- Beautiful.
- Really amazing.
- Thank you, guys.
- Look at this.
Look at this, Selena.
Look at that gorgeous plate
you just created there.
- That is really gorgeous.
Wow.
- Ahh!
- So now we have
two things ready.
Let's take the pizza
out of the oven.
- Okay.
- The pizza
is definitely ready.
We just gotta let it settle for
a minute or two, all right?
Look at this.
It looks good.
It looks very good.
Looks crispy, looks nice.
- We like crispy.
- Let's place
a generous amount
of fresh basil
on top of the pizza.
- I'm so happy right now.
- You're doing great.
Looks like you're painting
the Sistine Chapel with basil.
It's perfect.
Now remember what we did with
the focaccia and the parmesan?
- Yes.
- Make it rain again.
[rock music]
- Oh.
Okay, that was
not smart of me.
Oh, that's why.
- Whoo!
- All right.
So now one last things.
A pinch of salt on top
of the pizza.
And voila.
- Yeah?
- We're done, Selena.
- What?
- We are.
- Yes!
- You outdid yourself
over there.
- Thank you so much.
I really appreciate this.
- So what do we do now?
Shall we try it?
- Well, actually,
I wanted to talk about
the charity organization
that you're supporting,
if you don't mind.
- Yes, absolutely.
I appreciate you asking.
So ALS Foundation is a charity
that help providing resources,
support and lot
of knowledge for folks
like my mother-in-law
affected by
Lou Gehrig's disease.
Our mother-in-law,
she's bed bound.
She watches the show.
- Aww.
- She's a big fan.
- That's so nice.
- And we appreciate
the help very much.
- Aww, well, please tell her
I said hello.
- She will--you just told her.
She will watch this for sure.
- What is her name?
- Her name is Karen.
- Aww. Hi, Karen.
- And honestly shoutout
to my wife.
She's been taking care
of her mom
for the last 13 year,
her bedside.
- That's really--
that's so beautiful.
- My wife is a rock star.
- That's awesome.
Thank you so much.
I feel like now is the part
we can eat it, no?
- Yes, so I would start with
the tomato jam, to be honest.
- Yeah, 'cause that's where
I was going.
- Ooh.
- Oh, my gosh.
- Mmm.
- Oh, my gosh,
this is my favorite thing.
- Favorite thing ever?
- Mm-hmm.
- Whoa.
- Wait.
This is lit.
This is unbelievable.
Oh, my gosh.
I wanna eat more but--
- Should we try
the other stuff too?
- I wanna like--
- Save it for everyone?
- You can.
- Mmm.
- Whoo!
[laughter]
- This is so good.
- Selena, can you
give me a "(Michael)"?
- This is my favorite meal
I've ever made.
- It's so good.
- Thank you.
- Fabio, we actually have
some friends coming over.
We're gonna do, like,
a game night.
So I basically wanna
save this for them.
But I wanna thank you so much
for the lesson today.
And I'm so grateful
because I'm gonna be
showing this off for damn sure.
- I appreciate it very much.
Thank you so much.
Thank you.
I mean, this was great.
Had a lot of fun
doing this video.
- Well, thank you so much.
Have a great day.
- Bye.
- You too, hon.
- Bye, guys.
Thank you very much.
- Thank you.
- Fox, Paige,
my little sister.
It's game night.
- Pizza time.
- It smells so good.
- Here.
- Wonderful, I'm gonna take
the best looking piece.
All right.
Moment of truth guys.
- Is it good?
- Who's going next?
- Mmm, mmm.
- It's so good.
- Really?
- It's, like, perfectly
toasted too.
I feel like
it's all over my face.
- This is a good pizza.
- Do you like it?
- Mm-hmm.
- I love this Jenga.
- Do you love it?
- Yes...
- A lot of basil?
- That's my--okay.
That's my critique
from my sister.
- Oh, my gosh!
- That's so embarrassing.
- It's in the pizza!
- ♪ Look so good yeah,
look so sweet ♪
♪ Lookin' good enough to eat ♪
♪ Coldest with the kiss
so he call me ice cream ♪
♪ Catch me in the fridge
right where the ice be ♪
♪ Look so good yeah,
look so sweet ♪
♪ Baby you deserve a treat ♪
♪ Diamonds on my wrist
so he call me ice cream ♪
♪ You can double dip
'cause I know you like me ♪
♪ Ice cream,
chillin', chillin' ♪
♪ Ice cream, chillin' ♪
♪ Ice cream,
chillin', chillin' ♪